---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit Security Advisory WSA-2023-0010
permalink: /security/WSA-2023-0010.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **November 15, 2023**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2023-0010**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2022-32919](#CVE-2022-32919), [CVE-2022-32933](#CVE-2022-32933),
  [CVE-2022-46705](#CVE-2022-46705), [CVE-2022-46725](#CVE-2022-46725),
  [CVE-2023-32359](#CVE-2023-32359), [CVE-2023-41983](#CVE-2023-41983),
  [CVE-2023-42852](#CVE-2023-42852).


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit.

* <a name="CVE-2022-32919" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2022-32919">CVE-2022-32919</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.38.4.
  * Credit to @real_as3617.
  * Impact: Visiting a website that frames malicious content may lead to
    UI spoofing. Description: The issue was addressed with improved UI
    handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 247461

* <a name="CVE-2022-32933" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2022-32933">CVE-2022-32933</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.38.0.
  * Credit to Binoy Chitale, MS student, Stony Brook University, Nick
    Nikiforakis, Associate Professor, Stony Brook University, Jason
    Polakis, Associate Professor, University of Illinois at Chicago, Mir
    Masood Ali, PhD student, University of Illinois at Chicago, Chris
    Kanich, Associate Professor, University of Illinois at Chicago, and
    Mohammad Ghasemisharif, PhD Candidate, University of Illinois at
    Chicago.
  * Impact: A website may be able to track the websites a user visited
    in private browsing mode. Description: An information disclosure
    issue was addressed by removing the vulnerable code.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 239547

* <a name="CVE-2022-46705" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2022-46705">CVE-2022-46705</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.38.4.
  * Credit to Hyeon Park (@tree_segment) of Team ApplePIE.
  * Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar
    spoofing. Description: A spoofing issue existed in the handling of
    URLs. This issue was addressed with improved input validation.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 247287

* <a name="CVE-2022-46725" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2022-46725">CVE-2022-46725</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.38.4.
  * Credit to Hyeon Park (@tree_segment) of Team ApplePIE.
  * Impact: Visiting a malicious website may lead to address bar
    spoofing. Description: A spoofing issue existed in the handling of
    URLs. This issue was addressed with improved input validation.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 247289

* <a name="CVE-2023-32359" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-32359">CVE-2023-32359</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.42.0.
  * Credit to Claire Houston.
  * Impact: A user's password may be read aloud by a text-to-speech
    accessibility feature. Description: This issue was addressed with
    improved redaction of sensitive information.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 248717

* <a name="CVE-2023-41983" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-41983">CVE-2023-41983</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.42.2.
  * Credit to 이준성(Junsung Lee).
  * Impact: Processing web content may lead to a denial-of-service.
    Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 260757

* <a name="CVE-2023-42852" href="https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-42852">CVE-2023-42852</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.42.2.
  * Credit to Pedro Ribeiro (@pedrib1337) and Vitor Pedreira (@0xvhp_) of Agile Information Security.
  * Impact: Processing web content may lead to arbitrary code execution.
    Description: A logic issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 260173


We recommend updating to the latest stable versions of WebKitGTK and WPE
WebKit. It is the best way to ensure that you are running safe versions
of WebKit. Please check our websites for information about the latest
stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit security advisories can be found at: 
[https://webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html) or [https://wpewebkit.org/security/](https://wpewebkit.org/security/).
