---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit Security Advisory WSA-2024-0008
permalink: /security/WSA-2024-0008.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **December 22, 2024**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2024-0008**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2024-54479](#CVE-2024-54479), [CVE-2024-54502](#CVE-2024-54502), [CVE-2024-54505](#CVE-2024-54505), [CVE-2024-54508](#CVE-2024-54508), [CVE-2024-54534](#CVE-2024-54534)


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit.

* <a name='CVE-2024-54479' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54479'>CVE-2024-54479</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.5.
  * Credit to Seunghyun Lee.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 278497

* <a name='CVE-2024-54502' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54502'>CVE-2024-54502</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.5.
  * Credit to Brendon Tiszka of Google Project Zero.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 281912

* <a name='CVE-2024-54505' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54505'>CVE-2024-54505</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.5.
  * Credit to Gary Kwong.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to memory corruption
    Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 282661

* <a name='CVE-2024-54508' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54508'>CVE-2024-54508</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.5.
  * Credit to linjy of HKUS3Lab and chluo of WHUSecLab, Xiangwei Zhang of Tencent Security YUNDING
    LAB.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 282180

* <a name='CVE-2024-54534' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54534'>CVE-2024-54534</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.0.
  * Credit to Tashita Software Security.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to memory corruption
    Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 277967

We recommend updating to the latest stable versions of WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit. It is the
best way to ensure that you are running safe versions of WebKit. Please check our websites
for information about the latest stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit security advisories can be found at:
[webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html) or
[wpewebkit.org/security](https://wpewebkit.org/security).
