---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit Security Advisory WSA-2024-0006
permalink: /security/WSA-2024-0006.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **October 31, 2024**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2024-0006**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2024-44185](#CVE-2024-44185), [CVE-2024-44244](#CVE-2024-44244), [CVE-2024-44296](#CVE-2024-44296)


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit.

* <a name='CVE-2024-44185' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-44185'>CVE-2024-44185</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.0.
  * Credit to Gary Kwong.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 276097

* <a name='CVE-2024-44244' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-44244'>CVE-2024-44244</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.3.
  * Credit to an anonymous researcher, Q1IQ (@q1iqF) and P1umer (@p1umer).
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved input
    validation.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 279780

* <a name='CVE-2024-44296' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-44296'>CVE-2024-44296</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.3.
  * Credit to Narendra Bhati, Manager of Cyber Security at Suma Soft Pvt. Ltd, Pune (India).
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may prevent Content Security Policy
    from being enforced Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 278765

We recommend updating to the latest stable versions of WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit. It is the
best way to ensure that you are running safe versions of WebKit. Please check our websites
for information about the latest stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit security advisories can be found at:
[webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html) or
[wpewebkit.org/security](https://wpewebkit.org/security).
