---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit Security Advisory WSA-2024-0007
permalink: /security/WSA-2024-0007.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **November 27, 2024**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2024-0007**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2024-44308](#CVE-2024-44308), [CVE-2024-44309](#CVE-2024-44309)


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit.

* <a name='CVE-2024-44308' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-44308'>CVE-2024-44308</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.4.
  * Credit to Clément Lecigne and Benoît Sevens of Google's Threat Analysis Group.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code
    execution. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited
    on Intel-based Mac systems. Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 283063

* <a name='CVE-2024-44309' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-44309'>CVE-2024-44309</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.4.
  * Credit to Clément Lecigne and Benoît Sevens of Google's Threat Analysis Group.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to a cross site scripting
    attack. Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited on
    Intel-based Mac systems. Description: A cookie management issue was addressed with
    improved state management.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 283095

We recommend updating to the latest stable versions of WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit. It is the
best way to ensure that you are running safe versions of WebKit. Please check our websites
for information about the latest stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit security advisories can be found at:
[webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html) or
[wpewebkit.org/security](https://wpewebkit.org/security).
