---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit Security Advisory WSA-2025-0003
permalink: /security/WSA-2025-0003.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **April 07, 2025**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2025-0003**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2024-54551](#CVE-2024-54551), [CVE-2025-24208](#CVE-2025-24208), [CVE-2025-24209](#CVE-2025-24209), [CVE-2025-24213](#CVE-2025-24213), [CVE-2025-24216](#CVE-2025-24216), [CVE-2025-24264](#CVE-2025-24264), [CVE-2025-30427](#CVE-2025-30427)


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit.

* <a name='CVE-2024-54551' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54551'>CVE-2024-54551</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.1.
  * Credit to ajajfxhj.
  * Impact: Processing web content may lead to a denial-of-service. Description: The issue
    was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 275117

* <a name='CVE-2025-24208' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24208'>CVE-2025-24208</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.1.
  * Credit to Muhammad Zaid Ghifari (Mr.ZheeV) and Kalimantan Utara.
  * Impact: Loading a malicious iframe may lead to a cross-site scripting attack.
    Description: A permissions issue was addressed with additional restrictions.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 286381

* <a name='CVE-2025-24209' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24209'>CVE-2025-24209</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.1.
  * Credit to Francisco Alonso (@revskills), and an anonymous researcher.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash. Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed with improved memory
    handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 286462

* <a name='CVE-2025-24213' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24213'>CVE-2025-24213</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.1.
  * Credit to Google V8 Security Team.
  * Impact: A type confusion issue could lead to memory corruption. Description: This
    issue was addressed with improved handling of floats. Note that this CVE is fixed only
    on ARM architectures. x86_64 is not vulnerable, x86 is not vulnerable when the SSE2
    instruction set is enabled; but other architectures remain vulnerable.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 286694

* <a name='CVE-2025-24216' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24216'>CVE-2025-24216</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.1.
  * Credit to Paul Bakker of ParagonERP.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected Safari
    crash. Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 284055

* <a name='CVE-2025-24264' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24264'>CVE-2025-24264</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.1.
  * Credit to Gary Kwong, and an anonymous researcher.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected Safari
    crash. Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 285892

* <a name='CVE-2025-30427' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-30427'>CVE-2025-30427</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.1.
  * Credit to rheza (@ginggilBesel).
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected Safari
    crash. Description: A use-after-free issue was addressed with improved memory
    management.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 285643

We recommend updating to the latest stable versions of WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit. It is the
best way to ensure that you are running safe versions of WebKit. Please check our websites
for information about the latest stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit security advisories can be found at:
[webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html) or
[wpewebkit.org/security](https://wpewebkit.org/security).
