---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit Security Advisory WSA-2025-0004
permalink: /security/WSA-2025-0004.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **May 15, 2025**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2025-0004**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2023-42875](#CVE-2023-42875), [CVE-2023-42970](#CVE-2023-42970), [CVE-2025-24223](#CVE-2025-24223), [CVE-2025-31204](#CVE-2025-31204), [CVE-2025-31205](#CVE-2025-31205), [CVE-2025-31206](#CVE-2025-31206), [CVE-2025-31215](#CVE-2025-31215), [CVE-2025-31257](#CVE-2025-31257)


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit.

* <a name='CVE-2023-42875' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-42875'>CVE-2023-42875</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.42.0.
  * Credit to 이준성 (Junsung Lee).
  * Impact: Processing web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. Description: The
    issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 259606

* <a name='CVE-2023-42970' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-42970'>CVE-2023-42970</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.42.0.
  * Credit to 이준성 (Junsung Lee) of Cross Republic.
  * Impact: Processing web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. Description: A
    use-after-free issue was addressed with improved memory management.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 259583

* <a name='CVE-2025-24223' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24223'>CVE-2025-24223</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.2.
  * Credit to rheza (@ginggilBesel) and an anonymous researcher.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to memory corruption.
    Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 287577

* <a name='CVE-2025-31204' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-31204'>CVE-2025-31204</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.2.
  * Credit to Nan Wang (@eternalsakura13).
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to memory corruption.
    Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 291506

* <a name='CVE-2025-31205' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-31205'>CVE-2025-31205</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.2.
  * Credit to Ivan Fratric of Google Project Zero.
  * Impact: A malicious website may exfiltrate data cross-origin. Description: The issue
    was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 290992

* <a name='CVE-2025-31206' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-31206'>CVE-2025-31206</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.2.
  * Credit to an anonymous researcher.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected Safari
    crash. Description: A type confusion issue was addressed with improved state handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 290834

* <a name='CVE-2025-31215' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-31215'>CVE-2025-31215</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.2.
  * Credit to Jiming Wang and Jikai Ren.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash. Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 288814

* <a name='CVE-2025-31257' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-31257'>CVE-2025-31257</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.2.
  * Credit to Juergen Schmied of Lynck GmbH.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected Safari
    crash. Description: This issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 290985

We recommend updating to the latest stable versions of WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit. It is the
best way to ensure that you are running safe versions of WebKit. Please check our websites
for information about the latest stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit security advisories can be found at:
[webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html) or
[wpewebkit.org/security](https://wpewebkit.org/security).
