---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit Security Advisory WSA-2025-0001
permalink: /security/WSA-2025-0001.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **February 09, 2025**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2025-0001**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2024-27856](#CVE-2024-27856), [CVE-2024-54543](#CVE-2024-54543), [CVE-2024-54658](#CVE-2024-54658), [CVE-2025-24143](#CVE-2025-24143), [CVE-2025-24150](#CVE-2025-24150), [CVE-2025-24158](#CVE-2025-24158), [CVE-2025-24162](#CVE-2025-24162)


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit.

* <a name='CVE-2024-27856' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-27856'>CVE-2024-27856</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.0.
  * Credit to Maksymilian Motyl of Immunity Systems, Junsung Lee working with Trend Micro Zero Day
    Initiative, and ajajfxhj.
  * Impact: Processing a file may lead to unexpected app termination or arbitrary code
    execution. Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 268765

* <a name='CVE-2024-54543' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54543'>CVE-2024-54543</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.5.
  * Credit to Lukas Bernhard, Gary Kwong, and an anonymous researcher.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to memory corruption.
    Description: The issue was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 282450

* <a name='CVE-2024-54658' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54658'>CVE-2024-54658</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.44.0.
  * Credit to anbu1024 of SecANT.
  * Impact: Processing web content may lead to a denial-of-service. Description: The issue
    was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 263758

* <a name='CVE-2025-24143' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24143'>CVE-2025-24143</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.6.
  * Credit to an anonymous researcher.
  * Impact: A maliciously crafted webpage may be able to fingerprint the user.
    Description: The issue was addressed with improved access restrictions to the file
    system.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 283117

* <a name='CVE-2025-24150' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24150'>CVE-2025-24150</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.6.
  * Credit to Johan Carlsson (joaxcar).
  * Impact: Copying a URL from Web Inspector may lead to command injection. Description: A
    privacy issue was addressed with improved handling of files.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 283718

* <a name='CVE-2025-24158' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24158'>CVE-2025-24158</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.6.
  * Credit to Q1IQ (@q1iqF) of NUS CuriOSity and P1umer (@p1umer) of Imperial Global Singapore.
  * Impact: Processing web content may lead to a denial-of-service. Description: The issue
    was addressed with improved memory handling.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 283889

* <a name='CVE-2025-24162' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24162'>CVE-2025-24162</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.46.6.
  * Credit to linjy of HKUS3Lab and chluo of WHUSecLab.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash. Description: This issue was addressed through improved state management.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 284159

We recommend updating to the latest stable versions of WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit. It is the
best way to ensure that you are running safe versions of WebKit. Please check our websites
for information about the latest stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit security advisories can be found at:
[webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html) or
[wpewebkit.org/security](https://wpewebkit.org/security).
