---
layout: post
title: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit Security Advisory WSA-2025-0002
permalink: /security/WSA-2025-0002.html
tags: WSA
---

* Date Reported: **March 20, 2025**

* Advisory ID: **WSA-2025-0002**

* CVE identifiers: [CVE-2024-44192](#CVE-2024-44192), [CVE-2024-54467](#CVE-2024-54467), [CVE-2025-24201](#CVE-2025-24201)


Several vulnerabilities were discovered in WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit.

* <a name='CVE-2024-44192' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-44192'>CVE-2024-44192</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.0.
  * Credit to Tashita Software Security.
  * Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to an unexpected process
    crash. Description: The issue was addressed with improved checks.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 268770

* <a name='CVE-2024-54467' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-54467'>CVE-2024-54467</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit before 2.48.0.
  * Credit to Narendra Bhati, Manager of Cyber Security At Suma Soft Pvt. Ltd, Pune (India).
  * Impact: A malicious website may exfiltrate data cross-origin. Description: A cookie
    management issue was addressed with improved state management.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 287874

* <a name='CVE-2025-24201' href='https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2025-24201'>CVE-2025-24201</a>
  * Versions affected: WebKitGTK before 2.48.0 and WPE WebKit before 2.46.7.
  * Credit to Apple.
  * Impact: Maliciously crafted web content may be able to break out of Web Content
    sandbox. This is a supplementary fix for an attack that was blocked in iOS 17.2.
    (Apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been exploited in an extremely
    sophisticated attack against specific targeted individuals on versions of iOS before
    iOS 17.2.). Description: An out-of-bounds write issue was addressed with improved
    checks to prevent unauthorized actions.
  * WebKit Bugzilla: 285858

We recommend updating to the latest stable versions of WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit. It is the
best way to ensure that you are running safe versions of WebKit. Please check our websites
for information about the latest stable releases.

Further information about WebKitGTK and WPE WebKit security advisories can be found at:
[webkitgtk.org/security.html](https://webkitgtk.org/security.html) or
[wpewebkit.org/security](https://wpewebkit.org/security).
