---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.25.91 released!"
date: 2019-09-09
tags: release
version: 2.25.91
category: unstable
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.25.91.html
download: https://wpewebkit.org/releases/wpewebkit-2.25.91.tar.xz
---

This is a development release leading towards the 2.26 series.

### What's new in the WPE WebKit 2.25.91 release?

- Do not enable the sandbox in Snap.
- Fix sandbox parsing `DISPLAY` on X11.
- Add `WEBKIT_USE_SINGLE_WEB_PROCESS` environment variable to force single process model in all `WebKitWebContext`.
  This is a temporary solution for applications still depending on the single process mode behavior. It will be
  only available in 2.26 series.
- Add new API to remove a filter from an user content manager given its identifier.
- Add support for HSTS.
- Several improvements and bug fixes in MSE media player.
- Switch to use libsoup WebSockets API.
- Add support for permessage-deflate WebSocket extension.
- Add user agent quirk to make GitHub work in FreeBSD.
- Fix content disappearing when using CSS transforms.
- Fix building without unified sources.
- Fix web process deadlock when scrolling twitter timeline which contains HLS videos.
- Fix a crash with empty video source.
- Fix some radio streams that could not be played.
- Fix video pause that sometimes caused to skip to finish.
- Fix volume level changes when playing a video.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.25.91.tar.xz (17.3MB)
   md5sum: 16b74b3246b2787e8b200e9f3ec5285d
   sha1sum: e3437547fce8ff9cb867157f6f82ba18b4d8a38b
   sha256sum: 79921b8d04a9d5df7e3d4a3725746638df8f76705b1cd64fc31c093808fbb9a7
</pre>
