---
layout: post
title: WPE WebKit 2.23.90 released!
version: 2.23.90
tags: release
category: unstable
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.23.90.html
download: https://wpewebkit.org/releases/wpewebkit-2.23.90.tar.xz
---

This is a development release leading toward 2.24 series.

### What's new in the WebKitGTK 2.23.90 release?

- Add a new setting to disable JavaScript elments from documents during parsing.
- Add initial support for subprocess sandboxing in Linux.
- Add initial support for variation fonts.
- Add new API to convert a URI to a format for display.
- Add new API to expose JavaScriptCore options.
- Add new API to handle user content filters.
- Add new permission request type for media device information.
- Add support for JPEG2000 images.
- Fix a UI process crash while filling selection data during drag and drop.
- Fix a web process deadlock when starting the remote inspector.
- Fix crashes when closing the WebDriver session.
- Fix deadlock on Linux/x64 between SamplingProfiler and VMTraps.
- Fix rendering artifacts in some websites with accelerated compositing enabled.
- Fix the build with OpenGL disabled.
- Remove experimental sandboxing support, it's not yet ready for stable release.
- Sleep disabler now inhibits idle when a "System" sleep disabler is requested.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

Thanks to all the contributors who made possible this release.


##### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.23.90.tar.xz (16.1MB)
   md5sum: 06ab9cc7da53cf35ff9315800fb91140
   sha1sum: 5ed558f2e7d4b82adbe426b4574f24eac848fa60
   sha256sum: 070c4e838560b3dacc635af769c419ffb11ef3bb211f826115b2308990fc7ad8
</pre>
