---
layout: post
title: "Cog 0.9.1 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: cog
version: 0.9.1
permalink: /release/cog-0.9.1.html
---

This is the first development release leading towards the 0.10 series.

### What's new in Cog 0.9.1?

- core: Added `CogPrefixRoutesHandler`, which can route URI scheme requests
  with different path prefixes to other handlers.
- core: Added new `CogShell.device-scale-factor` property.
- core: Added support in `CogDirectoryFilesHandler` to use the URI host part
  as a path component, to ignore a certain amount of path components, and
  expose the base path as a property.
- core: Removed support for building using WebKitGTK, only the WPE port is
  supported now.
- drm: The DRM/KMS platform module is now built by default.
- drm: Added support for key press event repeat.
- drm: Added support for mouse cursor.
- drm: Added support for atomic modesetting, which is automatically used
  by default when support is detected in the video driver.
- drm: Added support for limiting the maximum used video mode width and
  height, settable using the `COG_PLATFORM_DRM_MODE_MAX` environment variable.
- drm: Fixed usage of the specified output device scaling factor.
- drm: Improve logging output.
- drm, fdo: Added support for SHM buffer exports, which for example allows
  using Mesa's software rasterization.
- fdo: Try using the largest available output video mode when using the
  `zwp_fullscreen_shell_v1` protocol.
- headless: Added new `headless` platform module, which does not produce
  output and can be used without any graphics hardware e.g. in combination
  with Mesa's software rasterization.
- x11: Added new `x11` platform module, which uses an X11 window to paint
  rendered web content using XCB and OpenGL.

#### Checksums

<pre>
cog-0.9.1.tar.xz (85.6 KiB)
   md5sum: 931010e105767fa6a30bb8a2719e6dfb
   sha1sum: e724ade2b443c0e87f3b30255fdb1a1f3abba2e5
   sha256sum: 67581431b993c877c856d0c1ef3e8993e90add331eae6c7f79469b1fc0a72d2d
</pre>
