---
layout: post
title: "Cog 0.12.0 released"
tags: [release, stable]
package: cog
version: 0.12.0
permalink: /release/cog-0.12.0.html
---

This is the first stable release in the 0.12 series.

### Highlights of the 0.12.0 release

- cog: New `--enable-sandbox` command line option, which allows isolating
  rendering processes from the rest of the system.
- cog: New `--content-filter=` command line option, which allows loading
  a content blocker (`WebKitUserContentFilter`) JSON rule set.
- core, cog: Added support for running in WebDriver automation mode.
- core: Changed platform plug-ins to be able to automatically detect which
  one should be used. Passing the `--platform=` command line option to the
  launcher is now optional.
- core: Added support for building against `libsoup3`.
- core: Added [CogHostRoutesHandler](https://igalia.github.io/cog/class.HostRoutesHandler.html), which can route URI scheme requests
  with different host parts to other handlers.
- core: Removed `cog_platform_teardown()`, deinitilization of platform
  plug-in implementations is now done automatically as part of object
  finalization.
- wl: Renamed `fdo` platform module to `wl` (Wayland) as it better reflects
  its usage; the old name still works e.g. when using `cog --platform=fdo`
  but it is considered deprecated and will cause a warning.
- wl, gtk4: Added support for fullscreening web views.
- drm: Improved input event handling.

#### Checksums

<pre>
cog-0.12.0.tar.xz (109.4 KiB)
   md5sum: 30d6f68914af0ba5c32ac14df504215a
   sha1sum: de367b33fb45a1bca9e443ca5c1d6cae3833d759
   sha256sum: aad413a8aaf15d400d70f9c909a28b92b138f7b0c0d825978de8788d0d75208a
</pre>
