---
layout: post
title: "Cog 0.11.1 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: cog
version: 0.11.1
permalink: /release/cog-0.11.1.html
---

This is the first development release leading towards the 0.12 series.

### What's new in Cog 0.11.1?

- core: Changed platform plug-ins to be able to automatically detect which
  one should be used. Passing the `--platform=` command line option to the
  launcher is now optional.
- core: Added support for building against `libsoup3`.
- core: Added [CogHostRoutesHandler](https://igalia.github.io/cog/class.HostRoutesHandler.html), which can route URI scheme requests
  with different host parts to other handlers.
- core, cog: Added support for running in WebDriver automation mode.
- cog: New `--enable-sandbox` command line option, which allows isolating
  rendering processes from the rest of the system.
- cog: New `--content-filter=` command line option, which allows loading
  a content blocker (`WebKitUserContentFilter`) JSON rule set.
- drm: Implemented handling of pointer axis/wheel/finger/continuous events
  and absolute motion events.
- wl: Renamed `fdo` platform module to `wl` (Wayland) as it better reflects
  its usage; the old name still works e.g. when using `cog --platform=fdo`
  but it is considered deprecated and will cause a warning.
- wl, gtk4: Added support for fullscreening web views.
- gtk4: Honor the
    [CogShell.device-scale-factor](https://igalia.github.io/cog/property.Shell.device-scale-factor.html) property.

#### Checksums

<pre>
cog-0.11.1.tar.xz (109.0 KiB)
   md5sum: b078bdc3a08930f4c8e61a458ad6b332
   sha1sum: ef41312c64871b7da26cab407ad3db27ee937bb0
   sha256sum: 6cbd60386e20bad62adccb26a2488c9eea0b609b12336476fac1fb71fcd26572
</pre>
