---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.37.1 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.37.1
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.37.1.html
---

This is the first development release leading towards the 2.38 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.37.1?

- Add initial WebRTC implementation using GstWebRTC if GStreamer 1.20 is available, disabled by default via web view settings.
- Add new API to set WebView's `Content-Security-Policy`, for web extensions support.
- Add new API to run asynchronous JavaScript functions.
- Expose typed arrays in the JavaScriptCore GLib API.
- Add support for displaying PDF documents using PDF.js.
- Show font name and font variant settings in the inspector.
- MediaSession is enabled by default, allowing remote media control using MPRIS.
- Modernized media controls UI.
- Add support for Google Dynamic Ad Insertion (DAI).
- Add support for capturing encoded video streams from capture devices (e.g. webcams.)
- Make it possible to use the remote inspector from other browsers using the `WEBKIT_INSPECTOR_HTTP_SERVER` environment variable.
- Add support for IPv6 in the remote inspector.
- Update form element style to match libadwaita.
- Fix canvas animations and images with threaded rendering enabled.
- Switch to use `gi-docgen` for API documentation instead of `gtk-doc`.
- Remove the ATK accessibility implementation, which has been replaced by direct usage of the AT-SPI D-Bus interfaces.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.37.1.tar.xz (29.0 MiB)
   md5sum: a44cf35f7b6f8e577f51c296e94aae2a
   sha1sum: 4f31d83fd9d6f66cd04f745b633e541ecb93b51d
   sha256sum: eb07b54190827ea860089fc711358658d952bcc62e36bc9bfa12dcfda9c21649
</pre>
