---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.39.90 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.39.90
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.39.90.html
---

This is a development release leading towards the 2.40 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.39.90?

- Add network session API when building with the new API.
- Add new JavaScript execution APIs.
- Add support for speech synthesis using [Flite](http://www.festvox.org/flite/).
- Always update the active URI of `WebKitFrame`.
- Bring back the `WebKitConsoleMessage` API implementation.
- Do not allow the sandbox to mount the entire home directory.
- Fix criticals from `webkitOptionMenuSetEvent` when opening any combo box.
- Fix large memory allocation when uploading content.
- Fix scrolling after a history navigation with PSON enabled.
- Fix the `webkit.h` public header causing applications failing to build.
- Enable WebGL2 by default, which was disabled by mistake.
- Fix the build with WebGL disabled.
- Remove the favicon functionality when building with the new API.
- Make most public types final (non-derivable) and class struct declarations private when building with the new API.
- Merge functions of registering and unregistering script message handlers in the new API.
- Remove most of the `webkit_web_view_new_with_*()` constructors when building with the new GLib API.
- Remove `webkit_web_context_{get,set}_process_model()` when building with the new GLib API.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.39.90.tar.xz (35.8 MiB)
   md5sum: 36def91376043e3123e892336ea9965e
   sha1sum: 8da1bcab365078346db5f9a971ec7ab344448817
   sha256sum: 9fc2e39a6a4db0d4e8ee7ba051e44a8ba3fc090fa82ac9a008e3d839bdd4852d
</pre>
