---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.33.90 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.33.90
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.33.90.html
---

This is a development release leading towards the 2.34 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.33.90?

- Add new API to access/modify capture devices states.
- Add new API to configure the memory pressure handler.
- Add multi-track support to media backend.
- Add support for A420 compositing in the media player.
- Add support for authentication using client side certificates.
- Add support for dark scrollbars.
- Add support for display capture.
- Add support for drawing the scrollbars corner.
- Add support for the Fullscreen API, which needs libwpe 1.11.1 or newer.
- Add support for the color-schemes CSS property.
- Allow to opt-out of GL rendering at runtime for the media player.
- Avoid strong alias computations in font fallback code.
- Fix cookies configuration after a network process crash.
- Fix deadlock tearing down pipeline when using fallback sink.
- Fix rendering of elliptic radial gradients.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.
- Fix touchscreen navigation swipe when the page scrolls horizontally.
- Improve pinch to zoom gesture in accelerated compositing mode.
- Show TLS protocol version and cipher suite in the inspector when building with libsoup3.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.33.90.tar.xz (22.6 MiB)
   md5sum: c1694bfab066ce74a5ca8151cbd52ced
   sha1sum: 12348322dc4fadb48a8b55a0efd482977a8aeb79
   sha256sum: 8ffa2ab66708aa6f07fc9e2c56f4950184555b6265ee3dc927ca4e1a900d1166
</pre>
