---
layout: post
title: "Cog 0.19.1 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: cog
version: 0.19.1
permalink: /release/cog-0.19.1.html
---

This is the first development release leading towards the 0.20 series.

### What's new in Cog 0.19.1?

- Support multiple web views, using the new
  [CogView](https://igalia.github.io/cog/class.View.html) and
  [CogViewport](https://igalia.github.io/cog/class.Viewport.html) APIs.
  Each viewport may display one from a set of web views, and using many
  viewports is supported as well. Typically platform plug-ins map a
  viewport to some kind of “window” that can be displayed on screen.
  Most of the changes in this release are related to this new feature.
- *launcher*:
  - Add command line flag to disable the built-in key bindings.
  - Add command line flag to control media auto-play behaviour.
  - Handle `GApplication` activation to avoid a warning.
- *core*:
  - Moved most of the key binding handling from the Wayland platform
    into `CogView`, making it common code for all platforms.
  - Moved platform plug-in selection logic into the library, along
    with an always-built “fallback” implementation, which simplifies API
    usage.
  - Avoid leaking web views due to `CogShell` holding one reference
    too much on them.
  - The library now takes advantage of symbol visibility, and only
    the public symbols marked with the `COG_API` macro will be available for
    linking from the shared library.
  - Avoid loading the same platform plug-in more than once.
  - Automatically scan the default module path without needing
    programs to call
    [cog_modules_add_directory()](https://igalia.github.io/cog/func.modules_add_directory.html)
    by themselves.
  - Remove the `cog_platform_configure()` function, in favor of
    a new [cog_init()](https://igalia.github.io/cog/func.init.html) function
    which is optional to call, and reorganized setup code to make API
    usage simpler.
- *meson*:
  - Fix configuration error when only the Wayland platform plug-in
    is selected.
- *drm*:
  - Fix touch region dimensions when the output is rotated by 90
    or 270 degrees.
  - Fix crash on iMX.6 (and possibly others) by improving how the
    CRTC and encoder combination is chosen.
- *x11*:
  - Add support for using the `xcb-keysyms` library for handling key
    input events when the XKB extension is unavailable, either because
    its usage was disabled at build time, or the extension is missing at
    runtime.
- *wl*:
  - Add support for Weston protocols version 13.
  - Fix blurry rendering in some compositors.
  - Add a check for `memfd_create()` to avoid the need to have write
    permission in `XDG_RUNTIME_DIR`, which is the case in some systems.
  - Set the opaque region also for non-fullscreen surfaces, resulting
    in a small performance improvement in some cases.
  - Add support for multiple seats.
  - Remove limit of 16 maximum outputs.
- *gtk4*, *x11*, *wl*:
  - Add support for file choosers using the XDG Desktop
    Portal through `libportal`.
  - Add support for changing mouse cursors when hovering
    links (hand) and text (I-beam).

#### Checksums

<pre>
cog-0.19.1.tar.xz (140.6 KiB)
   md5sum: ec4566bd63ad570a9c7654ed79e46c3f
   sha1sum: a226fedec99d2c92c2d8b6247ec57f4587c8041d
   sha256sum: 633760ba69e36e4fbc24757c927f46fa1fdb3c526d0a6ac6ab35a21d35ad57b3
</pre>
