---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.39.5 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.39.5
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.39.5.html
---

This is a development release leading towards the 2.40 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.39.5?

- Use ANGLE for the WebGL implementation and enable WebGL 2.
- Add support for `background-repeat: space`.
- Add API to check if a response policy decision is for the main resource.
- Add support for the “get computed label” and “get computed role”
  WebDriver commands.
- Add API to support asynchronously returning values from user script messages.
- Add API to query the permission state of web features.
- Add API to disable Web security.
- Add support for client side certificates on WebSocket connections.
- Add `webkit_web_hit_test_result_get_js_node()` to get the `JSCValue` for the node.
- Add `WebKitWebFormManager` and deprecate `WebKitWebPage` form related signals.
- Make checkbox, radio and inner spin button scale along by page zoom.
- Use asynchronous scrolling also for keyboard scrolling.
- Deprecate the `WebKitConsoleMessage` API.
- Deprecate the `event` parameter of `WebKitWebView::context-menu` and
  `WebKitWebView::show-option-menu` signals in favor of a getter in
  `WebKitContextMenu` and `WebKitOptionMenu`.
- Do not emit `context-menu` signals for the media settings popup menu.
- Do not perform position queries on the video sink when a player
  is for audio only.
- Fix WebGL when sandbox is enabled.
- Fix loading of media documents.
- Fix first party for cookies set on every media request.
- Fix gibberish text when loading alternate data.
- Fix rendering of checkbox and radio buttons on black backgrounds.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.
- Fix several warnings when building for ARMv7 (32-bits).
- Fix web process leak when `webkit_download_set_destination()`
  is called with empty destination.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.39.5.tar.xz (35.8 MiB)
   md5sum: d46d9abddd4f5352cd2247e925ac0332
   sha1sum: ea91ce4b2fb93fd538ab48d5fa262bce84576c31
   sha256sum: 0c8d256349cbccbc7080992e590456c8a66690dbe547f2d481c86ac18cee5ef0
</pre>
