---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.47.1 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.47.1
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.47.1.html
---

This is the first development release leading towards the 2.48 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.47.1?

- Flatten layers to a plane when the `preseve-3d` style is set.
- Build GPU process by default, but keeping WebGL in the web process by default for now.
- Enable WebGL support when targeting Android.
- Add experimental support for speech synthesis using libspiel, which may be
  enabled at build time instead of Flite (with `USE_SPIEL=ON` and `USE_FLITE=OFF`).
- Add support for building Skia when targeting Android.
- Add close button and handling of the URL entry `onAccepted` event to the Qt6 `qt-wpe-mini-browser`.
- Add new settings API to the WPEPlatform library.
- Add new connect methods to use a custom device file with `WPEDisplayDRM`. and `WPEDisplayHeadless` in the WPEPlatform API.
- Web Inspector resources are now shipped in a `GResource` bundle file, instead of the `libWPEInspectorResources` shared library.
- Rename class `WPEMonitor` to `WPEScreen` in the WPEPlatform API.
- Use DMA-BUF buffers for WebGL when available.
- Make GStreamer GL sink handle DMA-BUF memory to replace the DMA-BUF sink.
- Fix device scaling factor in the WPEPlatform DRM implementation.
- Fix input methods when using the WPEPlatform library.
- Fix unexpected `ENABLE_WPE_PLATFORM` guards in installed API headers.
- Fix building the Qt6 API.
- Fix DuckDuckGo links by adding a user agent quirk.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.47.1.tar.xz (39.5 MiB)
   md5sum: 8a734b02eac69ec2ba044e0113ef0753
   sha1sum: 14536db7bd1d8b014da0eef51151de84428e4106
   sha256sum: c1f16b0aca0b349fa6ca615267276efdf5151e1e7554e60fa7d3460c568e8f3c
</pre>
