---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.45.1 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.45.1
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.45.1.html
---

This is the first development release leading towards the 2.46 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.45.1?

- Use Skia by default instead of Cairo for rendering. Cairo support may still be built passing `-DUSE_SKIA=OFF` to CMake.
- Synchronize WebGL content using fences, where available.
- Disable the `gst-libav` AAC decoder.
- Support `AXActiveElement` and `AXSelectedChildren` for combo boxes, lists and list boxes.
- Decrease input notifications for gamepad inputs.
- Make gamepads visible on axis movements, and not only on button presses.
- Improve DMA-BUF format negotiation and buffer allocation to facilitate faster code paths in buffer handling.
- Make user scripts and style sheets visible in the Web Inspector.
- Make hole-punch media playback support video elements with rounded corners.
- Enable by default building support for the MediaSession and WebCodecs APIs.
- Allow WebDriver connections to already running browsers.
- Support downloading files from the Web Inspector when using HTTP remote connections.
- Replace build-time per-platform multimedia support option with quirks
  applied at runtime. Automatic quirk detection is used by default, and
  quirks may be overriden using the `WEBKIT_GST_QUIRKS` and
  `WEBKIT_GST_HOLE_PUNCH` environment variables.
- Deprecate the `WebKitWebView::insecure-content-detected` signal.
- Fix mouse location in WebDriver when output device scaling is in effect.
- Fix touch input event propagation.
- Fix missing mouse cursor in the WPE Wayland platform support.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.45.1.tar.xz (37.7 MiB)
   md5sum: b5399a7fe2dbd5a380caed9da7f3bfa3
   sha1sum: 255c1ee50d311c9135b898e0da4876555af6df6a
   sha256sum: c985a11fd70d5e0190adee2556bd5f2be9f860d628c71ae7cb35b6875b73a507
</pre>
