---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.48.0 released"
tags: [release, stable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.48.0
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.48.0.html
---

This is the first stable release in the 2.48 series.

### Highlights of the WPE WebKit 2.48.0 release

- Move tile rendering to worker threads when rendering with the GPU.
- Fix intersection and filter rendering for scenes with CSS `transform-tyle: preserve-3d`.
- Add new function for creating `Promise` objects to the JavaScriptCore GLib API.
- The `MediaRecorder` backend gained WebM support (requires at least GStreamer 1.24.9)
  and audio bitrate configuration support.
- Fix invalid DPI-aware font size conversion.
- Bring back support for OpenType-SVG fonts using the Skia SVG module.
- Propagate the font's computed locale to HarfBuzz.
- The GPU process build is now enabled for WebGL, but the web process is still used by default.
  The runtime flag `UseGPUProcessForWebGL` can be used to use the GPU process for WebGL.
- Add new `WPESettings` API in WPEPlatform for system settings.
- Add experimental support for speech synthesis using `libspiel`, which may be enabled at
  build time instead of Flite (with `USE_SPIEL=ON` and `USE_FLITE=OFF`).
- Add support for building Skia when targeting Android.
- Enable WebGL support when targeting Android.
- Web Inspector resources are now shipped in a `GResource` bundle file, instead of the
  `libWPEInspectorResources` shared library. This should be friendlier to packagers.
- Improve graphics buffers handling, mainly around DMA-BUF usage, and avoid copying
  or transforming pixel data in some of situations.
- Remove support for GLib versions older than 2.70.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.48.0.tar.xz (40.2 MiB)
   md5sum: a7eadfc0faf25ecc28ecffcdd30a8ccc
   sha1sum: b23ffa65381a38a0afeb10eb56e3a0525c1f5386
   sha256sum: 25bc557fd62f06ac8393a6f638ffceff3d9f367d6d35195315fa459c82f80850
</pre>
