---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.51.4 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.51.4
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.51.4.html
---

This is a development release leading towards the 2.52 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.51.4?

- Fix rendering of some PDFs due to issues in cross-thread transfer of
  accelerated bitmaps.
- Fix a bug in compositor state causing that one frame could be sent to
  the UI process before the previous one is done.
- Use `timerfd_*` when available to improve timer resolution.
- Support using [AHardwareBuffer](https://developer.android.com/ndk/reference/group/a-hardware-buffer) as backing store for accelerated surfaces,
  which avoids copying graphics buffers shared among different processes
  when using WPEPlatform on Android.
- Support non-composited page rendering, which may be beneficial on
  low-end embedded devices with weak GPUs, or without a GPU at all. This
  may be toggled at runtime by disabling the `AcceleratedCompsiting` feature
  flag.
- Add the `ENABLE_WPE_LEGACY_API` CMake option, which allows disabling the
  libwpe-based API on builds that have the new WPEPlatform API enabled
  at build time.
- Correctly handle the program name passed to the sleep disabler.
- Change XKB context initialization to always succeed even if the default
  configuration directories are not present in the system.
- Fix synthetic clicks for unhandled touch events being produced twice
  per event.
- Fix the build with Clang 21.
- Fix the build when support for Sysprof tracing is disabled.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.51.4.tar.xz (61.2 MiB)
   md5sum: 1c076185d8ce18b2abbd962fe8c22c2a
   sha1sum: c9779a1669c9ee6c6b3f9d3f1a0505222c178c27
   sha256sum: e83e6faa96d284b18f604727a4b658ef875250016a064bc691a5b320e6425c78
</pre>
