---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.51.3 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.51.3
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.51.3.html
---

This is a development release leading towards the 2.52 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.51.3?

- Add API to take image snapshots of web views, using `webkit_web_view_get_snapshot()`
  and `webkit_web_view_get_snapshot_finish()`.
- Add WPEPlatform API to obtain the contents of the clipboard, using
  `wpe_clipboard_content_get_text()` and `wpe_clipboard_content_get_bytes()`.
- Improve composition scheduling to avoid blocking waiting for tile painting.
- Moved WebRTC network access to the NetworkProcess, when using GstWebRTC.
  This requires [librice](https://github.com/ystreet/librice), and building with
  the CMake `USE_LIBRICE` option. When enabled, it is still possible to choose
  the older libnice-based implementation at runtime by setting the variable
  `WEBKIT_GST_DISABLE_WEBRTC_NETWORK_SANDBOX=1` in the environment.
- Add support the
  [`XR_ANDROID_raycast` OpenXR extension](https://registry.khronos.org/OpenXR/specs/1.1/html/xrspec.html#XR_ANDROID_raycast)
  for [WebXR Hit Testing](https://immersive-web.github.io/hit-test/).
- Add support to use super-tiled graphics buffers when running on Vivante GPUs.
  Currently setting `WEBKIT_SKIA_USE_VIVANTE_SUPER_TILED_TILE_TEXTURES=1` in the
  environment is needed to opt-in into using those.
- Ensure that GStreamer is properly initialized before applying any multimedia
  handling quirks.
- Fix pointer event processing no longer working after a mouse right button press.
- Fix `PointerEvent` behaviour for mouse events synthesized from touch inputs.
- Fix seeking and looping of media elements that set the "loop" property.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.51.3.tar.xz (61.1 MiB)
   md5sum: 7af7dc1cb51a3ff09236cdac07bfe047
   sha1sum: 8ee59478963f1e89d9c9db623ff4399a820d2d76
   sha256sum: ab0d5f66e7de41e345aa82b93ed2f18de19063f95c7e427296ef86079ec5ba11
</pre>
