---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.51.90 released"
tags: [release, unstable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.51.90
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.51.90.html
---

This is a development release leading towards the 2.52 series.

### What's new in WPE WebKit 2.51.90?

- Improve performance of accelerated 2D canvas by recording operations for
  batched replay.
- Remove the WPE Qt5 API binding. The Qt6 API is still available.
- Add support to optinally use the WOFF2 support from FreeType. When enabled,
  the `libwoff2` library is not needed.
- Add support for damage propagation in non-composited mode.
- Add `webkit_context_menu_get_position()` and
  `webkit_context_menu_item_get_title()`.
- Add hyphenation support through `libhyphen`. The feature may be toggled at
  build time via the `USE_LIBHYPHEN` CMake option.
- Add WPEPlatform API to notify of graphics buffers configuration changes for a
  WPEView.
- Add WPEPlatform API to create topleves using `wpe_display_create_toplevel()`.
- When using WPEPlatform, rendering of web views is now paused while they are
  detached from a `WPEToplevel`.
- Change context menu behaviour to match the GTK port more closely.
- Change `WPEScreenSyncObserver` to support multiple callbacks.
- Fix handling of touch scrolling in builds configured with
  `ENABLE_WPE_LEGACY_API=OFF`.
- Fix introspection annotations in `wpe_buffer_formats_builder_end()` to properly
  indicate ownership of the passed `WPEBufferFormatsBuilder` reference.
- Fix web process translatable strings to follow system locale.
- Fix several crashes and rendering issues.

#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.51.90.tar.xz (61.4 MiB)
   md5sum: ce7702504f1b5d7e3b6d019ffcf3d146
   sha1sum: 5716636f682d7d7b9381b4beb0f6197637e70b96
   sha256sum: bb0e158ad26cdd2e80794435df4d3b30fd5ee2241ab2cfc9c184c3dd1966f0b7
</pre>
