---
layout: post
title: "WPE WebKit 2.52.0 released"
tags: [release, stable]
package: wpewebkit
version: 2.52.0
permalink: /release/wpewebkit-2.52.0.html
---

This is the first stable release in the 2.52 series.

### Highlights of the WPE WebKit 2.52.0 release

- Make text look like in other browsers by blending in linear color space.
- Improved rendering performance by using a different tile size depending on
  whether GPU rendering is enabled or not.
- Improved composition scheduling to avoid blocking waiting for tile painting.
- Improved performance of accelerated 2D canvas by recording operations for
  batched replay.
- Improved asynchronous scrolling when main thread is busy by avoiding locks
  and rendering the scroll bars from the scrolling thread.
- Enabled dynamic MSAA for accelerated 2D canvas rendering.
- Improved text rendering performance.
- Videos with BT2100-PQ color space are now tone-mapped to SDR, ensuring colours
  do not appear washed out.
- Improved behaviour of context menus and added some missing functionality.
- Improved the WPEPlatform API all around, and added support for building
  exclusively using with it, making `libwpe` unnecessary in that case.
- Removed the WPE Qt5 API binding. The Qt6 API is still available.
- Improved support for targeting Android, taking advantage of a number of
  Android-specific technologies (logging, hardware buffers, etc.)
- Added support to use the WPEPlatform API on Android.
- Added support for the Audio Output Devices API.
- Added API to take image snapshots of web views.
- Added API to handle WebXR permission requests.
- Added API to query the immersive session status.
- Added initial API for web extensions.


#### Checksums

<pre>
wpewebkit-2.52.0.tar.xz (61.8 MiB)
   md5sum: ebb298f5657412cae93bfe5ccf6c8476
   sha1sum: a3f3ae35cf57037975433249a31f7d1c18a43c1c
   sha256sum: 3adbf9eebec9b7535febb75aca5afa1ea586eaf9b0cdfd3eb56de850fe39ff43
</pre>
